gentlemen welcome to samsung premiere
2013 i'm jason bradbury I've got to be
honest with you I'm really excited
thank you for joining us tonight here
thank you very much for joining thank
you including s4 active as for mini and
that's what you want to capture moments
anytime anywhere with the best picture
quality the samsung galaxy s4 zoom is no
compromise of choice today we are
announcing two new achieved tablet
in the last two months we have received
so
for the galaxy s4 and we are really
grateful for that
the s
many I think it's fair to say there's
been a huge amount of anticipation about
a very super spike and the bribery fat
for that is something called in ready to
help you with underwater pictures okay
I'm getting it
yeah it said say and we think it's quite
unique actually even as you pick it up
for the first time now I could we've
added all the great note in this like
multi soldier miniature see what
circular on the world of galaxies
guys so Patrick active a new name Lord
last year some new products tell us a
little bit but you might be thinking
that's the biggest scream really make a
product better guess I'm trying to work
out what the pixels do that because
there is no need to reboot Android you
can see this you know for usability
that's that was well our aim but we
starting here like using it as a tablet
but what I can do in that show it to the
camera here this wall is popping up and
now the feel very premium and at the
same time the device very durable yes my
new to make sense I've got electric fine
traffic is that a tip 10 3 and it's
running a full version of windows in the
active tab 3 is just eight point two
millimeters thin and it's incredibly
light and a new heavier than an android
tablet and it even looks like aight man
my guess is that you're going to be
following on the same samsung design
line all the drag-and-drop i treszura
Prince Paris you know from off of your
document you messages your photos
between your smartphone and the agent
Lacey let me please say hello to the
acid 15 style this is the perfect home
entertainment device oh it's implied
which essentially
can't study bias into a home server it's
personal cloud a genuine pleasure being
with you tonight I hope you have a great
evening thank you very much
you